"The early bird gets the worm."
 -Zookeeper as he wakes the animals.
Emily the Elephant: Woke up.
Eli the Elephant: Woke up.
Harold the Hippo: Woke up.
Hannah the Hippo: Woke up.
Reginald the Rhino: Woke up.
Ricky the Rhino: Woke up.
Danny the Dog: Woke up.
Doug the Dog: Woke up.
woonwoon the Wolf: Woke up.
Walsh the Wolf: Woke up.
Calypso the Cat: Woke up.
Cathrine the Cat: Woke up.
Lenny the Lion: Woke up.
Leon the Lion: Woke up.
Teddy the Tiger: Woke up.
Theodore the Tiger: Woke up.

"Lets see who's here today."
 -Zookeeper as he does roll call.
Emily the Elephant: Phoo-waompph
Eli the Elephant: Phoo-waompph
Harold the Hippo: *groans*
Hannah the Hippo: *chuffs*
Reginald the Rhino: *screams and trumpets*
Ricky the Rhino: *screams and trumpets*
Danny the Dog: barks
Doug the Dog: whines.
woonwoon the Wolf: aggressively growls.
Walsh the Wolf: aggressively growls.
Calypso the Cat: Meowed
Cathrine the Cat: Meowed
Lenny the Lion: Made the following noises - moan snarl roar grunt puff
Leon the Lion: Made the following noises - grunt puff purr grunt hum
Teddy the Tiger: Growled
Theodore the Tiger: Roared

"A full belly is a happy belly."
 -Zookeeper as he feeds the animals.
Emily the Elephant: Began to eat.
Eli the Elephant: Began to eat.
Harold the Hippo: Began to eat.
Hannah the Hippo: Began to eat.
Reginald the Rhino: Began to eat.
Ricky the Rhino: Began to eat.
Danny the Dog: Began to eat.
Doug the Dog: Began to eat.
woonwoon the Wolf: Began to eat.
Walsh the Wolf: Began to eat.
Calypso the Cat: Began to eat.
Cathrine the Cat: Began to eat.
Lenny the Lion: Began to eat.
Leon the Lion: Began to eat.
Teddy the Tiger: Began to eat.
Theodore the Tiger: Began to eat.

"Get up! Get on up! Get up! Get on Up!."
 -Zookeeper sings to motivate the animals to exercise.
Emily the Elephant: uses its trunk to take a bath.
Eli the Elephant: stomps around its enclosure.
Harold the Hippo: Runs around its paddock.
Hannah the Hippo: stomps around its enclosure.
Reginald the Rhino: Runs around its paddock.
Ricky the Rhino: Runs around its paddock.
Danny the Dog: chases his tail.
Doug the Dog: chases his tail.
woonwoon theWolf: rolls over for belly rubs.
Walsh the Wolf: chases his tail.
Calypso the Cat: Looked at you and went to sleep.
Cathrine the Cat: Began to stroll around the enclosure.
Lenny the Lion: Began to stroll around the enclosure.
Leon the Lion: Looked at you and went to sleep.
Teddy the Tiger: Began to stroll around the enclosure.
Theodore the Tiger: Looked at you and went to sleep.

"Time to head to sleepy town."
 -Zookeeper yawns as gives each habitat a look over.
Emily the Elephant: Fell fast asleep.
Eli the Elephant: Fell fast asleep.
Harold the Hippo: Fell fast asleep.
Hannah the Hippo: Fell fast asleep.
Reginald the Rhino: Fell fast asleep.
Ricky the Rhino: Fell fast asleep.
Danny the Dog: Fell fast asleep.
Doug the Dog: Fell fast asleep.
woonwoon the Wolf: Fell fast asleep.
Walsh the Wolf: Fell fast asleep.
Calypso the Cat: Fell fast asleep.
Cathrine the Cat: Fell fast asleep.
Lenny the Lion: Fell fast asleep.
Leon the Lion: Fell fast asleep.
Teddy the Tiger: Fell fast asleep.
Theodore the Tiger: Fell fast asleep.